# User Story G001

> As Project Manager, I want the team to follow the technical constraints and concerns of the project.

|             |             |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| Sprint      | A           |
| Priority    | 1           |
| Application | 0 - General |

## Acceptance Criteria

- The solution should be implemented using Java as the main language. Other languages can be used in accordance with more specific requirements.
- Project documentation should be always available on the project repository ("docs" folder, markdown format) and, when applicable, in accordance to the UML notation. The development process of every US (e.g.: analysis, design, testing, etc.) must be reported (as part of the documentation).
- The team should develop a relevant set of automated tests for every US / Class / Method. The team should aim to adopt a test-driven development approach.

## Requirements

- **NFR01** Programming language - The solution should be implemented using Java as the main language. Other languages can be used in accordance with more specific requirements.
- **NFR02** Technical documentation - Project documentation should be always available on the project repository ("docs" folder, markdown format) and, when applicable, in accordance to the UML notation. The development process of every US (e.g.: analysis, design, testing, etc.) must be reported (as part of the documentation).
- **NFR03** Test-driven development - The team should develop a relevant set of automated tests for every US/Class/Method. The team should aim to adopt a test-driven development approach.
